Documentation about log() function for php (#2332)
Codecademy/docs: content/php/concepts/math-functions/terms/log/log.md

---
Title: 'log()'

> Description: 'Return the natural logarithm of different numbers.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the natural logarithm of different numbers.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Web Design'
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Math Functions'
Tags:
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-php'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`log()`** function returns the natural logarithm of different numbers.

The result returns a value type of `float`.

## Syntax

```pseudo
$result = log(number,base);
```

> Where `number` is the number whose logartihm is to be calculated and `base` is optional parameter which signifies the logarithmic base to be used. By default `base` is 'e'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `number` is the number whose logarithm is to be calculated and `base` is optional parameter which signifies the logarithmic base to be used. By default `base` is *e*.
```

## Example

```php

> floor(1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<?php
  echo(log(1));
?>
```

// Output: 0
```

The result will be a float value of `0` as the logarithmic value of `1` is `0`.

## Codebyte Example

Using `log()` to return the value of 1.9459101490553:

```codebyte/php
<?php

>   echo(floor(7));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  echo(log(7));
```

---
Title: 'log()'

> Description: 'Returns the natural logarithm of different numbers.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the natural logarithm of a value.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Web Design'
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Math Functions'
Tags:
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-php'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`log()`** function returns the natural logarithm of different numbers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`log()`** function returns the natural logarithm of a value.
```

> The result returns a value type of `float`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The value returned by the function is a `float` type.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
$result = log(number,base);
```

> Where `number` is the number whose logarithm is to be calculated and `base` is optional parameter which signifies the logarithmic base to be used. By default `base` is *e*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Where `number` is the number whose logarithm is to be calculated and `base` is an optional parameter which signifies the logarithmic base to be used. By default `base` is *e*.
```

## Example

```php
<?php
  echo(log(1));
?>

> // Output: 0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```

> The result will be a float value of `0` as the logarithmic value of `1` is `0`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will result in the following output:
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```shell
0
```
